So now, let's introduce Case C. So it's going to follow this similar formula of steps.
You can definitely look at Case B and Case A to help you do this.
But now, we're just checking how does the model perform when
it's trained on all three features versus when it's only trained on features one and two.
So in this case, we calculate the prediction of
the model when it has all three features to work with.
When we have all three features,
the model is able to predict that if feature
zero and feature one are both one and the label is one.
So we expect the prediction of this model to be one.
This case when the model has only features one and two,
then its training data tells it that half of the time when feature one is one,
the label is zero,
and half the time the label is one.
So on average is going to be 0.5,
and that's the prediction that we'll expect from here.
So then, again, calculate the difference between them to get the marginal contribution,
and then calculate the weight that's associated with that marginal contribution,
which is that expression containing the factorials.
Go ahead and try it out, and then check out the solution video.